Updates ADR-0008 to accepted (#16)
archivematica/archivematica-architectural-decisions: 0008-remove-quarantine.md

# Remove quarantine

> * Status: acccepted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Status: accepted
```

Option 1, because there is no evidence of use in the community to justify the
continued maintenance of the feature and the positive consequences of the

> removal of the code out weigh the benefits of the functionality. The virus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removal of the code outweigh the benefits of the functionality. The virus
```
